Ghana - You were born in a small town in Ghana called Sunyani. You live in a small village with your parents, grandparents and 3 siblings. Your family may be struggling to eat and drink from time to time but that does not bother you, you are happy with your lifestyle. You get sent to the village school to learn. 

1Pay Attention?
1Yes 
After a few years of learning, you are in the top class of the school, you start to learn about the real world and how the world has such a technological advantage, and you feel disappointed as you find how other people have better opportunities than you.
2GIVE UP?
2YES 
As you dedicate yourself to your village, you lose time to yourself and the dreams you had  to become a scholar, your grandparents have died and your parents are becoming too old and now more burdens are put onto your shoulders as you become an adult
Dedicate to your family or slack off?

NO
You decided that just because the world has computers doesn't mean shit and your gonna make it there is a placement test for a prestigious university across seas and your parents see the potential and are willing to sacrifice everything for you but see they are struggling with money and their age?
Keep pushing?
YES
The test comes along and it is in the capital of Ghana, Accra so your parents and you worked their asses off so they can send you all the way other there to take the test. AND YOU PASS! You end up going to the university of Oxford all the way in America. You get enough money for a free ride to college and as soon as you look back at your elderly parents, you promise them you'll be back for them and you'll make them proud

1NO
You fool around thinking about how easy these classes are and start to think about playing futbol with your friends after school, you want to become a professional at it but you know it wouldn't be easy, you want to train on your skills but your stuck doing chores 
Do Chores or Slack Off?
YES

As you dedicate yourself to your village, you lose time to yourself, and the dreams you had to do futbol are fading. Your grandparents have died and your parents are becoming too old and now more burdens are put onto your shoulders as you become an adult
Dedicate to your family or slack off?

SLACK OFF
As you dedicate yourself to your family, you being to start doing more for your family instead of yourself, and you start to find the true value you’ve been searching for, helping your loved ones. You start tending to everyone in the village by working hard and making it a better place for everyone, You eventually settle down with an amazing wife and kids as you see the community you’ve build grow even more. 


You've been practicing your skills and are now the best in the village but it is for nothing as you have nothing to show off your merit and you still are stuck in your small little village, as you start to wish if only you were born in the Americas, you could've gotten a way better chance, you become depressed about your dream not being able to come to fruition 
BECOME ENVIOUS or GIVE UP

GIVE UP - end

You end up growing up on the streets of Ghana after your father disowned you for being such a bother for not even being a single user of the family or village. You roam a new road every day thinking about all the possibilities of how your life could've up ending better in other people's shoes
Ghana - Daily life and social customs | Britannica

Top 10 Facts About Living Conditions in Ghana - The Borgen Project
The thought of how others have it way easier lives in your head 24/7 and all you do is complain. You end up growing up on the streets of Ghana after your father disowned you for being such a bother for not even being a single user of the family or village. You roam a new road every day thinking about all the possibilities of how your life could've up ending better in other peoples shoes
 
0 - start
1 - class
2 - village liver
3 - keep pushing for school?
4 - Passing the test
5 - Not paying attention in class
6 - futbol Commit to adulting?
7 - losing faith in soccer
8 - losing faith in soccer
9 - family man
10 - on the streets
11 - soccer streets
12 - kys
